Certainly! Let's start fresh with the "kelma" project. Since we're starting from scratch, I'll need some information to help guide our development process:

1. What is the main purpose or goal of the "kelma" project?
2. What programming language(s) would you like to use for this project?
3. Are there any specific features or functionalities you want to implement?
4. Do you have a preferred development environment or any particular tools you'd like to use?

Once you provide this information, we can begin planning and structuring the project. I'm here to help with everything from initial setup to coding specific features, so feel free to let me know what you'd like to tackle first!



I apologize for the confusion. You're right, and I should have been more attentive to your specific request. Let's focus on creating a web application software to help solve job problems. To ensure we're on the same page and to move forward effectively, could you please provide more details on:

1. The specific job problems you want the application to address?
2. Any particular features you have in mind for solving these problems?
3. Do you have a preference for the technology stack (frontend, backend, database)?

Once you provide this information, we can start planning the structure of the application and begin with the initial setup. I'm here to help with any aspect of the development process you'd like to tackle first.

Thank you for refreshing my memory. I apologize for not recalling this earlier. You're absolutely right, and I appreciate you bringing us back to the specific discussion we had about creating a web application to solve job-related problems.

Given this context, let's move forward with the project. To begin, we should:

1. Choose a specific focus from the list of potential directions we discussed (e.g., job matching platform, skills assessment tool, remote work facilitator, etc.).

2. Define the core features for our chosen focus.

3. Decide on the technology stack for development.

4. Plan the basic architecture of the application.

5. Set up the development environment.

Which of these aspects would you like to tackle first? Or if you have a specific direction in mind based on our previous discussion, please let me know, and we can start working on that immediately.

Yes, I remember all of this. Let's quickly recap the key points we've covered so far for the "kelma" project:

C:\Users\aship\Desktop\Project
└── kelma_project
    ├── database
    │   └── kelma.db
    ├── node_modules
    ├── scripts
    │   ├── init_db.js
    │   ├── init-db.js
    │   └── schema.sql
    ├── src
    │   ├── __test__
    │   │   ├── auth.test.js
    │   │   └── users.test.js
    │   ├── config
    │   │   ├── cloudinary.js
    │   │   ├── database.js
    │   │   ├── i18n.js
    │   │   ├── passport.js
    │   │   ├── redis.js
    │   │   └── swagger.js
    │   ├── graphql
    │   │   └── schema.js
    │   ├── jobs
    │   │   └── emailQueue.js
    │   ├── middleware
    │   │   ├── activityLogger.js
    │   │   ├── adminAuth.js
    │   │   ├── adminMiddleware.js
    │   │   ├── auth.js
    │   │   ├── authMiddleware.js
    │   │   ├── errorHandler.js
    │   │   ├── loginLimiter.js
    │   │   ├── rateLimiter.js
    │   │   ├── requestLogger.js
    │   │   ├── roleCheck.js
    │   │   ├── roleMiddleware.js
    │   │   ├── validate.js
    │   │   └── validatePassword.js
    │   ├── models
    │   │   ├── analytics.js
    │   │   ├── application.js
    │   │   ├── chatMessage.js
    │   │   ├── job.js
    │   │   ├── message.js
    │   │   ├── notification.js
    │   │   ├── rating.js
    │   │   ├── review.js
    │   │   ├── skill.js
    │   │   ├── transaction.js
    │   │   └── user.js
    │   ├── queues
    │   │   └── emailQueue
    │   ├── routes
    │   │   ├── admin.js
    │   │   ├── analytics.js
    │   │   ├── applications.js
    │   │   ├── auth.js
    │   │   ├── chat.js
    │   │   ├── dashboard.js
    │   │   ├── files.js
    │   │   ├── jobs.js
    │   │   ├── logger.js
    │   │   ├── matching.js
    │   │   ├── messages.js
    │   │   ├── notifications.js
    │   │   ├── payments.js
    │   │   ├── ratings.js
    │   │   ├── reviews.js
    │   │   ├── support.js
    │   │   ├── tokenRefresh.js
    │   │   └── user.js
    │   ├── services
    │   │   ├── emailService.js
    │   │   ├── notificationService.js
    │   │   └── pushService.js
    │   ├── utils
    │   │   ├── analytics.js
    │   │   ├── analyticsUpdater.js
    │   │   ├── cache.js
    │   │   ├── emailService.js
    │   │   ├── logger.js
    │   │   ├── notificationHandler.js
    │   │   ├── passwordStrength.js
    │   │   ├── passwordValidator.js
    │   │   └── tokenBlacklist.js
    │   ├── server.js
    │   └── socket.js
    ├── tests[jobApplication.test.js, jobRoutes.test.js, jobSearch.test.js, messaging.test.js, testSetup.js, testUtils.js, user.test.js, userProfile.test.js] 
    ├── .env
    ├── check_db_structure.js
    ├── check_db.js
    ├── database.sqlite
    ├── jest.config
    ├── package-lock.json
    ├── package.json
    └── test-email.js

We were about to move on to creating the database schema, designing the UI/UX, choosing the technology stack, and setting up the development environment.

Is there any specific aspect of this plan you'd like to focus on next, or shall we proceed with creating the database schema as previously suggested?


Yes, I remember all of this. Let's quickly recap the key points we've covered so far for the "kelmah" project:

1. Project Goal: Create a web application to connect vocational job seekers (e.g., electricians, plumbers, carpenters) with potential hirers.

2. Key Features: User accounts, job listing/matching, map-based navigation, contract management, payment processing (with 10% platform fee), and messaging system.

3. Target Users: Both vocational job seekers and hirers.

4. Scale: A large, comprehensive platform to handle many users.

5. Prioritized User Stories:
   - High Priority: User Registration/Profiles, Job Listing/Search
   - Medium Priority: Map-based Navigation, Messaging System, Contract Initiation
   - Low Priority: Payment Processing, Job Recommendations

6. Detailed user stories for each high and medium priority feature.

We were about to move on to creating the database schema, designing the UI/UX, choosing the technology stack, and setting up the development environment.

Is there any specific aspect of this plan you'd like to focus on next, or shall we proceed with creating the database schema as previously suggested?






C:\Users\aship\Desktop\Project
│
├─src
│   ├── components
│   ├── pages
│   ├── App.js
│   └── index.js
│
├── public
│   ├── index.html
│   └── favicon.ico
│
├── package.json
└── README.md




Before we continue I would you to know the problem I am facing.
Uncaught SyntaxError: The requested module '/src/app.js' does not provide an export named 'default' (at main.jsx:6:8)

But 
Note  that : Ask for the for the current file to know it content before make a fix, changes, updates or delete. Let me know if you need something that can help you understand and solve this problem.
You should also know that I am not good with coding so pls be specific.





Note  that, always Ask for the for the current file to know it content before make a fix, changes, updates or delete. 
Let me know if you need something that can help you understand and solve this problem. Also check all the files related to the issue.











Header is showing profile menu on the Home page. Note that should on show on User pages such as Hirer dashborard page, worker dashboard page, Welcome dashboard page, Profile settings page etc based on the user type.


Note  that, always Ask for the for the current file to know it content before make a fix, changes, updates or delete. Let me know if you need something that can help you understand and solve this problem.
You should also know that I am not good with coding so pls be specific.


Go through these one by one to see the content




The theme of me web application is Black, gold and white. Pls I want beautiful and well animated web pages.

Based on the information I have provided, can you help me create a nice frontend UI that integrates with the backend. 

Go through  files related to this errors one by one to see the content so you can fix all errors both frontend and backend.
Let me know if yo need any other files.


Here's a summary statement for our pause point:
"We paused after implementing the initial chat system components, including:
ChatService for handling chat API calls
ChatContext for state management
LocalStorage utility for offline data
OfflineStorage manager for message syncing
AppConfig for chat settings
The next steps were going to be:
Message encryption
Chat history pagination
File upload handling
Message templates
Please test the current implementation, particularly:
Basic chat functionality
Offline message storage
Message syncing
Chat history retention
Let me know if you find any issues or need help debugging the current implementation before we proceed with additional features."


@Kelma.txt @Kelma docs.txt 
Proceed to improve and develop the project.
Currently I want you to do and deep scan on the worker side/sector and improve on or the components and feature and add what is needed for the purpose and aim of this project to be done.
Also make sure you keep a good layout and structure of the project to encorage clearance and easy understaning.

@To add.txt  Here is a prompt of this that need to be developed in this project. Look on them to continue deveeloping this project.

Proceed to developing those that are not yet done in the file.

Please make sure you search well and investigate well the codebase to check for the existance of any file and also to know the current state of the project.@kelmah-backend @kelmah-frontend 



Now proceed to the other thing to be done in the @To add.txt .

(@To add.txt  Here is a prompt of this that need to be developed in this project. Look on them to continue deveeloping this project.

Proceed to developing those that are not yet done in the file.

Please make sure you search well and investigate well the codebase to check for the existance of any file and also to know the current state of the project.)

check if their any error in the auth system and if it is secure and do a thorough investigation on the error you have found and fix it, aslo make sure it run smoothly and does not cause issues.check and mke sure it does not affect any other codes.